What is Entity Framework?
What are the benefits of using EF?
Mention in what all scenarios Entity Framework can be applicable?
What is the purpose of a DBContext class?
What is the difference between ObjectContext and DbContext?
What is Conceptual Model?
What is Storage Model?
What is Mapping?
What are scalar and navigation properties in Entity Framework?
What are complex types in Entity Framework?
What is pluralize and singularize in the Entity Framework?
Mention what is Code First Approach and Model First Approach in Entity Framework?
What is Code First approach in Entity Framework?
What is the difference between Code First, Model First and Database First?
What is the difference between POCO, Code First, and simple EF approach?
What are POCO classes in Entity Framework?
What are the different approaches supported in the Entity Framework to create Entity Model?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of Database First Approach?
What are the advantages of Model First Approach?
What are the advantages/disadvantages of Code First Approach?
What is migration in Entity Framework?
How do EF Core migrations work, and how does EF track which migrations are applied?
How do you promote schema changes safely across environments using migrations?
What is the difference between Automatic Migration vs Code-base Migration?
What is the importance of EDMX file in Entity Framework?
Can you explain CSDL, SSDL and MSL sections in an EDMX file?
What is EF Data Access Architecture?
What are the components of Entity Framework Architecture?
What’s the difference between LINQ to SQL and Entity Framework?
Could you compare Entity Framework vs LINQ to SQL vs ADO.NET with stored procedures?
What is faster - ADO.NET or ADO.NET Entity Framework?
Can you explain Lazy Loading in a detailed manner?
Explain how you can load related entities in EF?
What is Eager Loading?
Explain Lazy Loading, Eager Loading, and Explicit Loading?
Which type of loading is good in which scenario?
How do you configure Lazy Loading in EF Core?
What is the role of Entity Client Data Provider?
How do you configure a One-to-Many / Many-to-One relationship in EF Core?
How do you execute a stored procedure via EF Core?
How do you spot the N+1 Query Problem in a code review, and how do you fix it?
What difference does .AsNoTracking() make?
If you call AsNoTracking() but still modify the entity and call SaveChanges(), what happens?
Could you explain the difference between Optimistic vs Pessimistic locking?
What is Optimistic Locking?
Could you explain Pessimistic locking?
How can we do pessimistic locking in Entity Framework?
How can we handle concurrency in Entity Framework?
What is client wins and store wins mode in Entity Framework concurrency?
When would you use SaveChanges(false) + AcceptAllChanges()?
What's the difference between .SaveChanges() and .AcceptAllChanges()?
What are T4 templates?
What types of system generated messages do you know?
Name some differences between Express vs Recoverable messages
Why shouldn't I use the Repository Pattern with Entity Framework?
What is relationship between Repository and Unit of Work?
Is DbContext thread safe?
What happens if you share the same DbContext across 2 async methods and 1 sync method?
What are the disadvantages of using static DbContext?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of creating a Global Entities Context for the application (i.e. one static instance)?
How can you enhance the performance of Entity Framework?
When would you use EF6 vs EF Core?
Can I use Entity Framework 6 in .Net Core?
What are the different ways of creating these domain/entity objects?
How do I delete multiple rows in Entity Framework (without foreach)?
How do I view the SQL generated by the Entity Framework?
