Explain what is LINQ? Why is it required?
What is LINQ in C#?
What are the types of LINQ?
List out the three main components of LINQ?
Explain what is LINQ to Objects?
Explain what is the purpose of LINQ providers in LINQ?
Mention what is the role of DataContext classes in LINQ?
What are Extension Methods?
What are Anonymous Types?
What is Anonymous function?
Explain why SELECT clause comes after FROM clause in LINQ?
Explain the difference between Select and Where
What is the difference between Select and SelectMany?
In LINQ how will you find the index of the element using where() with Lambda Expressions?
Explain how LINQ is useful than Stored Procedures?
Name some advantages of LINQ over Stored Procedures
Name some disadvantages of LINQ over Stored Procedures
What is the difference between First() and Take(1)?
When to use First() and when to use FirstOrDefault() with LINQ?
Explain what is the difference between Skip() and SkipWhile() extension method?
Define what is let clause?
What is an equivalent to the let keyword in chained LINQ extension method calls?
Explain how standard query operators useful in LINQ?
Explain what is Lambda Expressions in LINQ?
Can you provide a concise distinction between anonymous method and lambda expressions?
What is Expression Trees and how they used in LINQ?
Explain what are LINQ compiled queries?
When should I use a CompiledQuery?
Could you compare Entity Framework vs LINQ to SQL vs ADO.NET with stored procedures?
When trying to decide between using the Entity Framework and LINQ to SQL as an ORM, what's the difference?
What is the difference between returning IQueryable<T> vs. IEnumerable<T>?
Why use AsEnumerable() rather than casting to IEnumerable<T>?
Could you explain what is the exact deference between deferred execution and Lazy evaluation in C#?
What are the benefits of a Deferred Execution in LINQ?
Filter out the first 3 even numbers from the list using LINQ
Using LINQ to remove elements from a List<T>
Get the indexes of top n items where item value = true
