Entry
Q1: What is Docker?

Junior
Q2: What is the difference between CMD and ENTRYPOINT in a Dockerfile?
Q3: What is the difference between a Docker image and a container?
Q4: What are the various states that a Docker container can be in at any given point in time?
Q5: What is Build Cache in Docker?
Q6: What is Docker container?
Q7: Can you remove (‘docker rm’) a container that is paused?
Q8: When would you use ‘docker kill’ or ‘docker rm -f’?
Q9: Is there a way to identify the status of a Docker container?
Q10: What’s the difference between a repository and a registry?
Q11: What are the most common instructions in Dockerfile?
Q12: What is the difference between the "COPY" and "ADD" commands in a Dockerfile?
Q13: What is Docker hub?
Q14: How to build environment-agnostic systems with Docker?
Q15: What does Containerization mean?
Q16: How to link containers?
Q17: What is the difference between ‘docker run’ and ‘docker create’?
Q18: What is Docker image?
Q19: Do I lose my data when the Docker container exits?
Q20: What type of applications - Stateless or Stateful are more suitable for Docker Container?
Q21: What is the difference between “expose” and “publish” in Docker?
Q22: Explain basic Docker usage workflow

Mid
Q23: What happens if you add more than one CMD instruction to a Dockerfile?
Q24: What is virtualisation?
Q25: How will you monitor Docker in production?
Q26: Docker Compose vs. Dockerfile - which is better?
Q27: What is the preferred way of removing containers - ‘docker rm -f’ or ‘docker stop’ then followed by a ‘docker rm’?
Q28: What is the difference between Docker Image and Layer?
Q29: What is the default CPU limit set for a container?
Q30: What is the purpose of "EXPOSE" command in Dockerfile?
Q31: Can you create containers without their own PID namespace?
Q32: What exactly do you mean by “Dockerized node”? Can this node be on-premises or in the cloud?
Q33: How can we control the startup order of services in Docker compose?
Q34: Could you explain what is Emulation?
Q35: What is the difference between CMD and ENTRYPOINT in a Dockerfile?
Q36: What is Hypervisor?
Q37: What is Docker Swarm?
Q38: Should I use Vagrant or Docker for creating an isolated environment?
Q39: What is the difference between Kubernetes and Docker?
Q40: Explain when to use Docker vs Docker Compose vs Docker Swarm vs Kubernetes
Q41: Which problems does a Container Orchestration solve?
Q42: Explain what are some Pods usage patterns?
Q43: Explain a use case for Docker

Senior
Q44: How is Container different from a Virtual Machine?
Q45: Why do we need Kubernetes (and other orchestrators) above containers?
Q46: How virtualization works at low level?
Q47: Can you explain dockerfile ONBUILD instruction?
Q48: Can you run Docker containers natively on Windows?
Q49: What is an orphan volume and how to remove it?
Q50: How is Docker different from a virtual machine?
Q51: Is it good practice to run stateful applications on Docker? What are the scenarios where Docker best fits in?
Q52: What are the different kinds of namespaces available in a Container?
Q53: What is Paravirtualization?
Q54: What is the difference between Docker RUN, CMD and ENTRYPOINT?
Q55: When you limit the memory for a container, does it reserve (guarantee) the memory?
Q56: Is it possible to generate a Dockerfile from an image?

Expert
Q57: What's the difference between "pm2" and "pm2-runtime" and when to use one?
Q58: Why did Docker jump from version 1.13 to 17.03?
Q59: Can you explain a relationship between container runtime and container orchestration?
Q60: How containers works at low level?
Q61: Why Docker compose does not wait for a container to be ready before moving on to start next service in dependency order?
Q62: Name some limitations of containers vs VM
Q63: How does Docker run containers in non-Linux systems?
Q64: How to use Docker with multiple environments?

Junior: Code
Q1: How do I transfer a Docker image from one machine to another one without using a repository, no matter private or public?