Entry
Q1: What is API Design?
Q2: What REST stands for?

Junior
Q3: What are different types of Web Services?
Q4: Define what is SOA
Q5: What are the advantages of Web Services?
Q6: What are the core components of a HTTP Request?
Q7: Mention whether you can use GET request instead of PUT to create a resource?
Q8: What are advantages of REST web services?
Q9: What is cached response?
Q10: Mention what are resources in a REST architecture?
Q11: What is SOAP?
Q12: Mention some key characteristics of REST?
Q13: Mention what is the difference between RPC or document style web services? How you determine to choose which one to choose?
Q14: What's the difference between REST & RESTful?

Mid
Q15: What are the primary security issues of web service?
Q16: What is Payload?
Q17: What are the best practices for caching?
Q18: What is the purpose of HTTP Status Code?
Q19: What are disadvantages of SOAP Web Services?
Q20: What is statelessness in RESTful Webservices?
Q21: What are the best practices to create a standard URI for a web service?
Q22: How would you choose between SOAP and REST web services?
Q23: WebSockets vs Rest API for real time data? Which to choose?
Q24: What is the use of "Accept" and "Content-Type" Headers in HTTP Request?
Q25: What are disadvantages of REST web services?
Q26: What are the core components of a HTTP response?
Q27: Mention what are the different application integration styles?
Q28: What is UDDI?
Q29: What are the disadvantages of statelessness in RESTful Webservices?
Q30: What are different ways to test web services?
Q31: Mention what is the difference between "PUT" and "POST"?
Q32: What are the best practices to design a resource representation?

Senior
Q33: What do you mean by idempotent operation?
Q34: What is difference between SOA and Web Services?
Q35: Explain Cache-control header
Q36: Which header of HTTP response provides control over caching?
Q37: Explain element?
Q38: What are the advantages of statelessness in RESTful Webservices?
Q39: Explain what is the API Gateway pattern
Q40: Which type of Webservices methods are to be idempotent?

Expert
Q41: Enlist some important constraints for RESTful web services
Q42: What are the best practices to be followed while designing a secure RESTful web service?
Q43: What is difference between OData and REST web services?
Q44: Name some best practices for better RESTful API design
Q45: What is Open API Initiative?
Q46: Explain the difference between WCF, Web API, WCF REST and Web Service?