What is Domain Driven Design?
How would you describe what is Domain Driven Design from the developer point of view?
What is "Domain" in DDD?
What is Domain in DDD?
What are the fundamental components of Domain-Driven Design?
List some advantages of Domain-Driven Design. Why developers shall use it?
What is a Model in DDD?
What is a Domain Model in DDD?
What is the difference between Value vs Entity Objects in DDD?
What is the distinction between Value Types and Entities in DDD?
What is a Specification in DDD?
What is the purpose of Service in Domain-Driven Design (DDD)?
Explain the concept of Repository in the context of DDD
What's an Aggregate Root in DDD?
What are Aggregates in Domain-Driven Design?
What types of issues does an Aggregate solve in DDD?
Mention how can you give objects an Unique Identity in DDD?
Explain the different layers in DDD
What is the difference between Domain Objects, POCO, Services, Repositories and Entities?
What is main difference between Domain vs Application vs Infrastructure Services?
What is the difference between DTOs and ViewModels in DDD?
What does Bounded Context mean in DDD?
What does it mean to focus on Problem Space rather than the Solution Space?
What is the differences between Strategic Patterns and Tactical Patterns?
What is the difference between Behavior-Driven Development (BDD) vs Domain-Driven Design (DDD)?
What is Event Storming in DDD?
What is the Command and Query Responsibility Segregation (CQRS) Pattern?
Name some benefits of CQRS Pattern
Describe what is the Event Sourcing Pattern
Can we use the CQRS without the Event Sourcing?
What is the difference between DAO and Repository in DDD?
What is the difference between Infrastructure Service and Repository in DDD?
What is the difference between Factory and Repository in DDD?
Provide some examples of Infrastructural Services in DDD
What is Context Mapping's purpose in DDD?
What is Core Domain, Supporting Subdomain, and Generic Subdomain in DDD?
What exactly are the Anti-Corruption layers in DDD? Provide an example.
Where DTO should be implemented, in a Domain Layer or in an Application Service Layer? Explain.