What defines a software architect?
What is meant by the KISS principle?
What's the difference between principles YAGNI and KISS?
What does the expression “Fail Early” mean, and when would you want to do so?
Compare "Fail Fast" vs "Robust" approaches of building software
Why is it a good idea for “lower” application layers not to be aware of “higher” ones?
Why should I isolate my domain entities from my presentation layer?
Why layering your application is important? Provide some bad layering example.
Why should you structure your solution by components?
What is Bad Design?
What is GOD class and why should we avoid it?
How to handle exceptions in a layered application?
What are heuristic exceptions?
Explain Failure in contrast to Error
What does SOLID stand for? What are its principles?
Explain the Single Responsibility Principle (SRP)?
What is the Dependency Inversion Principle (DIP) and why is it important?
What does program to interfaces, not implementations mean?
What are the DRY and DIE principles?
Are you familiar with The Twelve-Factor App principles?
Is it better to return NULL or empty values from functions/methods where the return value is not present?
What is the difference between Cohesion and Coupling?
In OOP, what is the difference between the Repository Pattern and a Service Layer?
What will you choose: Repository Pattern or "smart" business objects?
Is Repository Pattern as same as Active Record Pattern?
How should I be grouping my Repositories when using Repository Pattern?
What is relationship between Repository and Unit of Work?
Is Unit Of Work equals Transaction? Or it is more than that?
Explain threads to your grandparents
What is the difference between Concurrency and Parallelism?
What is actor model in context of a programming language?
Two customers add a product to the basket in the same time whose the stock was only one (1). What will you do?
What Is Test Driven Development?
What is Unit test, Integration Test, Smoke test, Regression Test and what are the differences between them?
How do I test a "private" function or a class that has "private" methods, fields or inner classes?
Name some Performance Testing best practices
Name some Performance Testing metrics to measure
How can you keep one copy of your utility code and let multiple consumer components use and deploy it?
"People who like this also like...". How would you implement this feature in an e-commerce shop?
What is difference between Fault Tolerance and Fault Resilience?
What does it mean "System Shall Be Resilient"?
What is Domain Driven Design?
What is Domain in DDD?
What is a Model in DDD?
What is the difference between DTOs and ViewModels in DDD?
What is the difference between Behavior-Driven Development (BDD) vs Domain-Driven Design (DDD)?
What do you understand by Clean Architecture approach?
Explain what is Interface Segregation Principle (ISP) in Clean Architecture and what are some of its benefits?
Explain the purpose of Clean Architecture Inner and Outer layers
What is the difference between the Clean and the N-Tier Architectures?
Compare Onion vs Clean vs Hexagonal Architectures
Defend the monolithic architecture.
What is the difference between Monolithic, SOA and Microservices Architecture?
Define Microservice Architecture
How do services communicate with each other in a Microservices Architecture, and what is Content Negotiation?
What is the difference between DTOs (Data Transfer Objects) and Database Entities?
How do you manage application configuration safely across different deployment environments?
What is the most accepted transaction strategy for microservices?
How do you handle brief network drops when consuming a third-party microservice (e.g. retry policies with Polly)?
How would you design a Microservices Architecture (domain separation, database-per-service, API gateway, messaging, resilience patterns)?
Why use WebSocket over HTTP?
What do you mean by lower latency interaction?
WebSockets vs Rest API for real time data? Which to choose?
What is the Command and Query Responsibility Segregation (CQRS) Pattern?
Name some benefits of CQRS Pattern
Describe what is the Event Sourcing Pattern
Can we use the CQRS without the Event Sourcing?
Where DTO should be implemented, in a Domain Layer or in an Application Service Layer? Explain.
What Is Load Balancing?
What Is A Cluster?
Why Do You Need Clustering?
What Is Middle Tier Clustering?
What Is Session Replication?
What Is Sticky Session Load Balancing? What Do You Mean By "Session Affinity"?
What Is Load Balancing Fail Over?
What Is IP Address Affinity Technique For Load Balancing?
What Is Scalability?
What is Elasticity (in contrast to Scalability)?
What Do You Mean By High Availability (HA)?
What Is ACID Property Of A System?
What is BASE property of a system?
What Is CAP Theorem?
Is the C in ACID is not the C in CAP?
What Does Eventually Consistent Mean?
What Is Sharding?
How do you off load work from the Database?
Explain what is Cache Stampede
What are best practices for caching paginated results whose ordering/properties can change?
Cache miss-storm: Dealing with concurrency when caching invalidates for high-traffic sites
How Do you update a live heavy traffic site with minimum or Zero Down Time?
What Is Shared Nothing Architecture? How Does It Scale?
What does Amdahl's Law mean?
What is Back-Pressure?
Provide Definition Of Location Transparency
How would you design a scalable Web API for 10 million users (horizontal scaling, caching, sharding, async processing, CDN)?
Why is writing software difficult? What makes maintaining software hard?