Can you give a Microsoft Azure overview (IaaS/PaaS/SaaS, resource groups, pay-as-you-go)?
What is the difference between an Azure Tenant and Azure Subscription?
What are ARM Templates in Azure?
How can I test my ARM template before deploying it?
Compare ARM Templates vs Azure CLI for Azure deployments
What would you use: Azure CLI or PowerShell? Explain.
How to define an Environment Variable on Azure using Azure CLI?
Why are Azure Resource Groups associated with a specific region?
What is Azure CDN (Content Delivery Network) and why to use it?
Name some advantages and disadvantages of Azure CDN
What is the difference between Azure App Service and a Virtual Machine?
What is the difference between Azure API Apps, Logic Apps, Web Apps and Azure Functions?
What is the difference between an API App and a Web App?
What is the difference between an Azure Web App and an Azure Web Role?
How is Azure App Service different from Azure Functions?
What is equivalent of a Windows Service on Azure?
What is WebJob in Azure?
What are On Demand WebJobs aka. Scheduled WebJobs aka. Triggered WebJobs in Azure?
Compare Azure WebJobs vs Azure Function. When to use one?
When to choose Worker Role vs Web Jobs on Azure?
What are Web Role, Worker Role and VM Role in Azure?
Is there a way to view deployed files in Azure?
What is Azure Storage (Blob, Files, Queue, Table, redundancy levels)?
What are the differences between New and Classic Storage Accounts in Azure?
Explain what is the difference between Block Blobs, Append Blobs and Page Blobs in Azure?
What to use: many small Azure Storage Blob containers vs one really large container with tons of blobs?
How would you choose between Azure Blob Storage vs. Azure File Service?
When shall we use Azure Table Storage over Azure SQL?
When should I use Azure SQL vs Azure Table Storage?
How would you choose between Azure Table Storage vs MongoDB?
What is Azure SQL Database?
What's the difference between Azure SQL Database and Azure SQL Managed Instance?
Cosmos DB vs Azure Table Storage vs Azure SQL Database: what to choose?
What is RU in Cosmos DB?
What is the rule of thumb for choosing the ideal partitioning key in CosmosDB?
What's Logical Partition in CosmosDB?
What's the difference between Logical and Physical partitions in Cosmos DB?
What does "Cosmos DB automatically indexes the documents" mean? Explain.
Name some pros and cons of using GUID as Partition Key in Cosmos DB
How to do a transaction with two collections on Azure CosmosDB?
Explain the use of Bounded Staleness consistency model in Cosmos DB
Explain what is Optimistic Concurrency Control (OCC) and how is it implemented in Cosmos DB?
How would you choose/design a muti-tenant architecture with Azure Cosmos DB?
When would you use Azure Storage Queues vs Azure Service Bus?
What is the difference between Azure Queue Storage and Azure Service Bus with regards to dead letter queues & poison messages?
Explain the difference between Event vs Message Services in the context of Azure Services?
When would you use Azure Event Grid vs Azure Service Bus and vice versa?
What are main considerations when creating Azure Service Bus queues/topics?
Explain the difference between Scheduled vs Deferred messages in Azure Service Bus
Explain the difference between At-most-once vs At-least-once message processing in Azure Service Bus
Explain the use of Express Entities in Azure Service Bus
What data schema shall you use for Event Grid events?
Whay should you keep Azure Event Grid events as small as possible?
How would you get Azure Event Grid events in Angular/React client?
Explain the use of Claim Check Pattern in Azure Event Grid
What is Azure Web PubSub Service? When shall you use it?
What are pros and cons of Azure Web PubSub vs SignalR?
Using Azure Functions, can I reference and use NuGet packages in my C# function?
What are Azure Functions (serverless, triggers, bindings, scaling, execution time limits)?
What is Azure Key Vault?
What is difference between Keys and Secrets in Azure Key Vault?
What is the difference between Azure AD App Application Permissions vs Delegated Permissions?
What is Microsoft Entra ID / Azure AD (SSO, Managed Identities, App Registrations, Conditional Access)?
What is the difference between Azure Active Directory and Azure Active Directory Domain Services?
What is the difference between Enterprise Application and App Registration in Azure?
What is Azure DevOps (Boards, Repos, Pipelines, Artifacts)?
How do you deploy .NET Applications to Azure (deployment slots, configuration management)?
How do you deploy a Zero-Downtime Application Update (deployment slots, blue-green deployment)?
What is Azure Monitoring and Application Insights (distributed tracing, KQL)?
How do you log API response time, and what is the value of logging beyond error tracking?
How do you monitor and diagnose performance on Azure (App Service + auto-scale)?
How do you design enterprise logging and monitoring on Azure?
What are memory leaks in ASP.NET Core — what they are and how they happen?
How would you troubleshoot a production crash after deployment (rollback, log inspection, config/dependency checks)?
How would you investigate sudden production performance degradation?
How would you diagnose sudden API response-time spikes with Application Insights?
The SQL is fast but the API is slow — how do you troubleshoot?
How would you move data from RDS to Azure Blob Storage?
How would you deploy a full-stack app on Azure for scalability and reliability?
