What is a pattern?
What is Design Patterns and why anyone should use them?
What are the main categories of Design Patterns?
Name types of Design Patterns?
What is Singleton pattern?
Can we create a clone of a singleton object?
What is Factory pattern?
What is Builder pattern?
What is Strategy pattern?
What is Iterator pattern?
What is State pattern?
What is Template pattern?
What is Filter pattern?
What is Null Object pattern?
What is Proxy pattern?
What is Dependency Injection?
What is Inversion of Control?
Why would you want to use a Repository Pattern with an ORM?
What are some benefits of Repository Pattern?
What is Decorator pattern?
What is Memento pattern?
What is Mediator pattern?
What is Adapter pattern?
What is Prototype pattern?
What is Interpreter pattern?
What is Command pattern?
What is Facade pattern?
What is the Chain of Responsibility pattern?
What is Abstract Factory pattern?
What is Observer pattern?
What is Bridge pattern?
What does program to interfaces, not implementations mean?
What are the difference between a Static class and a Singleton class?
Is Unit Of Work equals Transaction? Or it is more than that?
What is Unit Of Work?
What are some reasons to use Repository Pattern?
What is an Aggregate Root in the context of Repository Pattern?
How should I add an object into a collection maintained by Aggregate Root?
Can you give any good explanation what is the difference between Proxy and Decorator?
When should I use Active Record vs Repository Pattern?
What are the drawbacks to the ActiveRecord pattern?
In OOP, what is the difference between the Repository Pattern and a Service Layer?
What are some advantages of using Dependency Injection?
When should I use Composite design pattern?
What is the Command and Query Responsibility Segregation (CQRS) Pattern?
Name some benefits of CQRS Pattern
Describe what is the Event Sourcing Pattern
Explain the use of Claim Check Pattern in Azure Event Grid
Explain usage of Service Locator Pattern
What are some disadvantages of Dependency Injection?
What is the difference between Strategy design pattern and State design pattern?
What is relationship between Repository and Unit of Work?
What is Flyweight pattern?
Explain what is Composition over Inheritance?
Why shouldn't I use the Repository Pattern with Entity Framework?
How is Bridge pattern is different from Adapter pattern?
How should I be grouping my Repositories when using Repository Pattern?
Is Repository Pattern as same as Active Record Pattern?
What will you choose: Repository Pattern or "smart" business objects?
Could you explain some benefits of Repository Pattern?
Why would I ever use a Chain of Responsibility over a Decorator?
When would you use the Builder Pattern? Why not just use a Factory Pattern?
What's the difference between the Dependency Injection and Service Locator patterns?
What is the difference between the Template patterns and the Strategy pattern?
Explain difference between the Facade, Proxy, Adapter and Decorator design patterns?
Could you explain the difference between Façade vs. Mediator?
Can we use the CQRS without the Event Sourcing?
Could you explain what is the Deadly Diamond of Death?
