What is the need for DevOps?
Are you more Dev or Ops?
Explain what is DevOps ?
What is the most important thing DevOps helps us achieve?
What is meant by Continuous Integration?
What is Kubernetes? Why organizations are using it?
Mention what are the key aspects or principle behind DevOps?
Can we consider DevOps as an Agile methodology?
What are the advantages of DevOps?
How is DevOps different from Agile/SDLC?
What is DevOps engineer's duty with regards to Agile development?
Which are the top DevOps tools? Which tools have you worked on?
What is the function of CI (Continuous Integration) server?
What are the success factors for Continuous Integration?
Why is Continuous Monitoring necessary?
What is the role of a Configuration Management tool in DevOps?
What does Containerization mean?
What's the next thing you would automate in your current workflow?
How have you handled failed deployments?
What is post Mortem Meetings?
What is the difference between a Step, an Action, and a Job?
How is Data Persistence Between Jobs achieved (artifacts)?
How do you troubleshoot and debug a Failed Workflow?
How do all DevOps tools work together?
What are the differences between Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery, and Continuous Deployment?
What is a Matrix Strategy and what does Fail-Fast mean?
What are Reusable Workflows vs Composite Actions?
How can you optimize Workflow Execution and use Caching effectively?
What are Concurrency Groups used for?
What are GitHub Environments and how do they help with security?
What are the risks of using Self-Hosted Runners?
What is the difference between Kubernetes and Docker?
Which problems does a Container Orchestration solve?
Explain a use case for Docker
What is Chef?
Classify Cloud Platforms by category
What do you know about Serverless model?
Explain Blue-Green deployment technique
What's the difference between a Blue/Green Deployment and a Rolling Deployment?
How Do you update a live heavy traffic site with minimum or Zero Down Time?
If something breaks in production, how do you know about it?
Tell me about the worst-run/best-run outage you've been a part of. What made it bad/well-run?
How would you prepare for a migration from one platform to another?
How would you make key aspects of a software system traceable?
What is the difference between Resource Allocation and Resource Provisioning?
How would you assess how deployable a system is?
What is Vagrant and what is it used for?
What is Continuous Monitoring?
Why Continuous Integration is important for Agile?
How is Container different from a Virtual Machine?
How would you deploy software to 5000 nodes?
How do you secure Authentication to Cloud Providers (OpenID Connect / OIDC)?
How would you introduce Continuous Delivery in a successful, huge company for which the change from Waterfall to Continuous Delivery would be not trivial, because of the size and complexity of the business?
What is Canary Releasing?
Can you explain a relationship between container runtime and container orchestration?
