What is Docker?
What does Containerization mean?
What is Docker image?
What is Docker container?
What is the difference between a Docker image and a container?
What is Docker hub?
What's the difference between a repository and a registry?
What are the most common instructions in Dockerfile?
What is the difference between the "COPY" and "ADD" commands in a Dockerfile?
What is the difference between CMD and ENTRYPOINT in a Dockerfile?
What is the purpose of "EXPOSE" command in Dockerfile?
What is the difference between "expose" and "publish" in Docker?
What is the difference between 'docker run' and 'docker create'?
Can you remove ('docker rm') a container that is paused?
When would you use 'docker kill' or 'docker rm -f'?
Is there a way to identify the status of a Docker container?
What are the various states that a Docker container can be in at any given point in time?
Do I lose my data when the Docker container exits?
How to link containers?
Explain basic Docker usage workflow
Explain a use case for Docker
What type of applications - Stateless or Stateful are more suitable for Docker Container?
What is Build Cache in Docker?
How to build environment-agnostic systems with Docker?
How do I transfer a Docker image from one machine to another one without using a repository, no matter private or public?
What happens if you add more than one CMD instruction to a Dockerfile?
What is virtualisation?
What is Hypervisor?
Could you explain what is Emulation?
What is the difference between Docker Image and Layer?
What is the default CPU limit set for a container?
What is the preferred way of removing containers - 'docker rm -f' or 'docker stop' then followed by a 'docker rm'?
Can you create containers without their own PID namespace?
What exactly do you mean by "Dockerized node"? Can this node be on-premises or in the cloud?
How can we control the startup order of services in Docker compose?
Should I use Vagrant or Docker for creating an isolated environment?
Docker Compose vs. Dockerfile - which is better?
What is Docker Swarm?
What is the difference between Kubernetes and Docker?
Explain when to use Docker vs Docker Compose vs Docker Swarm vs Kubernetes
Which problems does a Container Orchestration solve?
Explain what are some Pods usage patterns?
How will you monitor Docker in production?
How is Container different from a Virtual Machine?
How is Docker different from a virtual machine?
Why do we need Kubernetes (and other orchestrators) above containers?
Is it good practice to run stateful applications on Docker? What are the scenarios where Docker best fits in?
What are the different kinds of namespaces available in a Container?
What is Paravirtualization?
How virtualization works at low level?
What is the difference between Docker RUN, CMD and ENTRYPOINT?
Can you explain dockerfile ONBUILD instruction?
Can you run Docker containers natively on Windows?
What is an orphan volume and how to remove it?
When you limit the memory for a container, does it reserve (guarantee) the memory?
Is it possible to generate a Dockerfile from an image?
How containers works at low level?
Can you explain a relationship between container runtime and container orchestration?
Name some limitations of containers vs VM
How does Docker run containers in non-Linux systems?
How to use Docker with multiple environments?
Why did Docker jump from version 1.13 to 17.03?
Why Docker compose does not wait for a container to be ready before moving on to start next service in dependency order?
What's the difference between "pm2" and "pm2-runtime" and when to use one?