What is difference between Git vs SVN?
What is Git?
What is the command to write a commit message in Git?
What's the difference between a pull request and a branch?
What is Git fork? What is difference between fork, branch and clone?
How does the Centralized Workflow work?
What is the difference between git fetch and git pull?
How to undo the most recent commits in Git?
You need to update your local repos. What git commands will you use?
Tell me the difference between HEAD, working tree and index, in Git?
How to revert previous commit in git?
What is a "bare git" repository?
What is git stash, and when should you use it?
Explain the advantages of Forking Workflow
What is git cherry-pick, and when should it be used?
Could you explain the Gitflow workflow?
You need to rollback to a previous commit and don't care about recent changes. What commands should you use?
How do you resolve a Merge Conflict? What are the exact steps?
What is a Merge Request (MR) / Pull Request (PR) workflow in GitLab?
Explain Git tagging and its purpose in release management.
When would you use git clone over git clone --bare?
What is the difference between git clone, git clone --bare and git clone --mirror?
How do you make an existing repository bare?
When would you use git clone over git clone --mirror?
When would you use git clone --bare over git clone --mirror?
Can you explain what git reset does in plain English?
What is the HEAD in Git?
What is difference between git stash pop and git stash apply?
What is the difference between git merge and git rebase?
How do you undo the last commit that has already been pushed to a remote repository (revert vs reset --hard)?
How to remove a file from git without removing it from your file system?
Write down a sequence of git commands for a "Rebase Workflow"
Do you know how to easily undo a git rebase?
What are "git hooks"?
What are the type of git hooks?
What is git bisect? How can you use it to determine the source of a (regression) bug?
When do you use git rebase instead of git merge?
What git command do you need to use to know who changed certain lines in a specific file?
Write down a git command to check difference between two commits
How to amend older Git commit?
