What is Object-Oriented Programming (OOP)?
What is an object?
What is a class?
What is Inheritance?
What is the relationship between a class and an object?
What is Encapsulation?
What is Polymorphism?
Explain the basic features of OOPs
Explain the concept of Constructor
What is the difference between procedural and object-oriented programming?
What is the difference between a class and a structure?
Why is the virtual keyword used in code?
Can you inherit private members of a class?
Can you specify the accessibility modifier for methods inside the interface?
How could you define Abstraction in OOP?
What do you mean by Data Encapsulation?
What are similarities between a class and a structure?
State the features of an Interface
Interface or an Abstract class: which one to use?
How is method overriding different from method overloading?
What are the different ways a method can be Overloaded?
What's the difference between a method and a function in OOP context?
What is the difference between Virtual method and Abstract method?
What is the difference between Interface and Abstract Class?
What is Polymorphism, what is it for, and how is it used?
What are abstract classes? What are the distinct characteristics of an abstract class?
How can you prevent a class from overriding in C#?
When should I use a struct instead of a class?
Explain the concept of Destructor
Is it possible for a class to inherit the constructor of its base class?
How can you prevent your class to be inherited further?
What is Unit Of Work?
What is Coupling in OOP?
What is Cohesion in OOP?
What is the difference between Cohesion and Coupling?
What exactly is the difference between an Interface and abstract class?
Differentiate between an abstract class and an interface
Explain different types of Inheritance
What's the advantage of using getters and setters - that only get and set - instead of simply using public fields for those variables?
What is a static constructor?
What is the difference between an abstract function and a virtual function?
When should I use an Interface and when should I use a Base Class?
Can you declare an overridden method to be static if the original method is not static?
Does .NET support Multiple Inheritance?
How to solve Circular Reference?
Could you explain some benefits of Repository Pattern?
Could you elaborate Polymorphism vs Overriding vs Overloading?
Can you provide a simple explanation of methods vs. functions in OOP context?
What does it mean to Program to an Interface?
What is the difference between Association, Aggregation and Composition?
What is the difference between a Mixin and Inheritance?
Can you declare a private class in a namespace?
Why doesn't C# allow static methods to implement an interface?
Why prefer Composition over Inheritance? What trade-offs are there for each approach? When should you choose Inheritance over Composition?
What is LSP (Liskov Substitution Principle) and what are some examples of its use (good and bad)?
You have defined a destructor in a class that you have developed by using the C#, but the destructor never executed. Why?
In terms that an OOP programmer would understand (without any functional programming background), what is a monad?
