What are the built-in types available In Python?
Name some characteristics of Python?
Name some benefits of Python
How do I modify a string?
What's the difference between "lists" and "tuples"?
When to use a "tuple" vs "list" vs "dictionary" in Python?
What is Negative Index in Python?
What are local variables and global variables in Python?
What are the rules for local and global variables in Python?
How the string does get converted to a number?
Does Python have a switch-case statement?
What is Lambda Functions in Python?
Why would you use the "pass" statement?
Explain what is Linear (Sequential) Search and when may we use one?
What is a None value?
What is the function of "self"?
What does this stuff mean: "*args", "**kwargs"? Why would we use it?
What's the difference between the list methods "append()" and "extend()"?
Explain how to use Slicing in Python?
What is the difference between "range" and "xrange" functions in Python?
What is the difference between "range" and "xrange"? How has this changed over time?
What are the key differences between Python 2 and 3?
Is it possible to have static methods in Python?
What is the python with statement designed for?
How can you share global variables across modules?
How can I create a copy of an object in Python?
What does an "x = y or z" assignment do in Python?
What is a Callable?
What are virtualenvs?
What are the Wheels and Eggs? What is the difference?
What are immutable objects in Python?
What is introspection/reflection and does Python support it?
What are Decorators in Python?
What are descriptors?
What are the Dunder/Magic/Special methods in Python? Name a few.
Is there a tool to help find bugs or perform static analysis?
What is Monkey Patching and is it ever a good idea?
What does the Python "nonlocal" statement do (in Python 3.0 and later)?
Explain the UnboundLocalError exception and how to avoid it?
What is Pickling and Unpickling?
Explain what is Interpolation Search
What is a Jump (or Block) Search?
Explain how does Python memory management work?
What is the difference between a function decorated with "@staticmethod" and one decorated with "@classmethod"?
What is the difference between "@staticmethod" and "@classmethod"?
What is the difference between deep and shallow copy?
Can you explain Closures (as they relate to Python)?
Why aren't Python nested functions called closures?
Why are default values shared between objects?
What is Monkey Patching? How to use it in Python?
How is memory managed in Python?
What's the difference between a Python module and a Python package?
What is the purpose of the single underscore "_" variable in Python?
Why are Python's private methods not actually private?
What is the difference between old style and new style classes in Python?
What are metaclasses in Python?
Why would you use metaclasses?
What is MRO in Python? How does it work?
How is "set()" implemented internally?
Explain how you reverse a generator?
What are the advantages of NumPy over regular Python lists?
How to work with transitive dependencies?
What is Cython?
What is GIL?
Why Python (CPython and others) uses the GIL?
What is an alternative to GIL?
What is a global interpreter lock (GIL) and why is it an issue?
Is it a good idea to use multi-thread to speed your Python code?
Why use "else" in "try/except" construct in Python?
Describe Python's Garbage Collection mechanism in brief
Why isn't all memory freed when Python exits?
What does Python optimisation ("-O" or "PYTHONOPTIMIZE") do?
Is there any downside to the "-O" flag apart from missing on the built-in debugging information?
Is there a simple, elegant way to define singletons?
