Explain what are the differences between SQL and T-SQL?
Mention what is TOP in T-SQL?
What is the difference between Data Definition Language (DDL) and Data Manipulation Language (DML)?
What’s the difference between TRUNCATE and DELETE in SQL?
How does TRUNCATE and DELETE operations effect Identity?
What are the two commands to remove all of the data from a table? Are there any implications with the specific commands?
Could you explain the difference between Primary Key and Unique Index?
When should I use primary key or index?
What do Clustered and Non Clustered index actually mean?
What’s the difference between a Local Temp Table and a Global Temp Table?
Is it possible to rename a database? If so, how would you rename the database?
Provide an example of Left Outer Join with Exclusions
Mention what are the Join Types in TSQL?
What is the difference between PARTITION BY and GROUP BY?
Mention what is Subquery?
How do I UPDATE from a SELECT in SQL Server?
How do I perform an IF…THEN in an SQL SELECT?
What is a Cursor and how does it work?
What are the advantages of using Stored Procedures?
Explain Function vs. Stored Procedure in SQL Server
Insert results of a stored procedure into a temporary table
What are the practical differences between COALESCE() and ISNULL('')?
How can you delete duplicate records in a table with no primary key?
How can you capture the length of a column when it is a Text, NText and/or Image data type?
Name 5 commands that can be used to manipulate text in T-SQL code
Name some types of Triggers
Mention what are the limitations of IDENTITY column?
What is the use of GO in Transact SQL?
What is a Linked Server?
Is there a difference between T-SQL linked server and a synonym?
In what version of SQL Server were synonyms released, what do synonyms do and when could you make the case for using them?
What’s the difference between Azure SQL Database and Azure SQL Managed Instance?
What is TSQL Window functions?
Mention what are ROLLUP and CUBE in T-SQL?
What is a Filegroup?
What are Row Constructors?
What are bitwise operators and what is the value from a database design perspective?
What are types of XML indexes in SQL Server?
What are the best practices for using a GUID as a primary key, specifically regarding performance?
Why you should never use GUIDs as part of clustered index?
What are the three ways that Dynamic SQL can be issued?
Is it possible to import data directly from T-SQL commands without using SQL Server Integration Services? If so, what are the commands?
Mention what does the T-SQL command IDENT_CURRENT does?
What is the difference between EXEC vs sp_executesql?
What is the native system stored procedure to issue a command against all databases?
What two commands were released in SQL Server 2005 related to comparing data sets from two or more separate SELECT statements?
What are the new error handling commands introduced with SQL Server 2005 and beyond?
Is it correct/best practice to have the TRY/CATCH block inside the transaction or should the transaction be inside the TRY block?
Mention what is uncommittable transactions?
Mention what is OFFSET-FETCH filter in tsql?
What is Blocking?
From a T-SQL perspective, how would you prevent T-SQL code from running on a production SQL Server?
