What is the difference between Authentication vs Authorization?
What is "Vulnerability"?
What is a DDOS attack?
What is a botnet?
What is SQL injection?
How to mitigate the SQL Injection risks?
What is Cross Site Scripting (XSS)?
What is Cross-Site Scripting (XSS)?
How can I prevent XSS?
Can XSS be prevented without modifying the source code?
Apart from mailing links of error pages, are there other methods of exploiting XSS?
What is DOM-based XSS?
What is Stored XSS?
What is Reflected XSS?
What are the types of XSS?
What information can an attacker steal using XSS?
What is Cross-Site Request Forgery?
What is Cross-site request forgery and how to mitigate it?
What is Session Hijacking?
Mention what flaw arises from session tokens having poor randomness across a range of values?
Explain what threat arises from not flagging HTTP cookies with tokens as secure?
Mention what threat can be avoided by having unique usernames produced with a high degree of entropy?
How to mitigate the risk of Weak authentication and session management?
What is an SSL Certificate?
Why is the Root Certificate important?
How does SSL/TLS work?
What is CORS and how to enable one?
Explain briefly CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing)?
What is Content Security Policy?
What is Content Security Policy (CSP)?
How to use Content Security Policy (CSP) against clickjacking?
What is ClickJacking?
What is a Honeypot?
What is Intrusion Detection System (IDS)?
What is the difference between IDS and firewalls?
What is impersonation?
How can we Protect Web Applications From Forced Browsing?
What Is Failure to Restrict URL Access?
How to Prevent Breaches Due to Failure to Restrict URL Access?
Mention what happens when an application takes user inserted data and sends it to a web browser without proper validation and escaping?
How to mitigate the risk of Sensitive Data Exposure?
What is the difference between encryption, encoding, and hashing?
What is a Salt and How Does It Make Password Hashing More Secure?
Is it possible to decrypt MD5 hashes? Explain.
How come that hash values are not reversible?
What is Security Testing?
List the various methodologies in Security testing?
List the attributes of Security Testing
List Top 10 OWASP Vulnerabilities
Could you explain the difference between penetration testing and other forms of security testing?
What is a Bug Bounty?
Provide some "robots.txt" anti-pattern usage
Name the elements of PKI
What is PKI?
What's the difference between OpenID and OAuth?
If you can decode JWT, how are they secure?
What is HTTP Public Key Pinning and when to use it?
What is HSTS?
How to check if HSTS is enabled?
What are X-Frame-Options?
What is Cross Site Tracing (XST)? How can it be prevented?
How to ensure that a file can only be decrypted after a specific date?
How to use CHAP Authentication (Challenge Response Authentication) for webSockets?
How would you secure WebSockets communication on your project?
Mention what is the basic design of OWASP ESAPI?
