Entry
Q1: What is Entity Framework?
Q2: What are the benefits of using EF?
Q3: Mention in what all scenarios Entity Framework can be applicable?

Junior
Q4: What is pluralize and singularize in the Entity Framework?
Q5: Mention what is Code First Approach and Model First Approach in Entity Framework?
Q6: What is Code First approach in Entity Framework?
Q7: What is the purpose of a DBContext class?
Q8: What is Conceptual Model?
Q9: What is migration in Entity Framework?
Q10: What is Mapping?
Q11: What is Storage Model?
Q12: What are scalar and navigation properties in Entity Framework?
Q13: What are complex types in Entity Framework?

Mid
Q14: Could you explain the difference between Optimistic vs Pessimistic locking?
Q15: What is the importance of EDMX file in Entity Framework?
Q16: What are POCO classes in Entity Framework?
Q17: What are the different approaches supported in the Entity Framework to create Entity Model?
Q18: Can you explain Lazy Loading in a detailed manner?
Q19: What is EF Data Access Architecture?
Q20: What are the advantages and disadvantages of Database First Approach?
Q21: What are the components of Entity Framework Architecture?
Q22: What are the advantages of Model First Approach?
Q23: Explain how you can load related entities in EF?
Q24: What is Eager Loading?
Q25: What is the role of Entity Client Data Provider?
Q26: How can we handle concurrency in Entity Framework?
Q27: Explain Lazy Loading, Eager Loading, and Explicit Loading?
Q28: What are the advantages/disadvantages of Code First Approach?
Q29: What is Optimistic Locking?
Q30: What’s the difference between LINQ to SQL and Entity Framework?

Senior
Q31: What are the disadvantages of using static DbContext?
Q32: Which type of loading is good in which scenario?
Q33: When would you use EF6 vs EF Core?
Q34: Name some differences between Express vs Recoverable messages
Q35: Is DbContext thread safe?
Q36: Why shouldn't I use the Repository Pattern with Entity Framework?
Q37: What are T4 templates?
Q38: What is relationship between Repository and Unit of Work?
Q39: Could you explain Pessimistic locking?
Q40: Can you explain CSDL, SSDL and MSL sections in an EDMX file?
Q41: What types of system generated messages do you know?
Q42: How can you enhance the performance of Entity Framework?
Q43: What is faster - ADO.NET or ADO.NET Entity Framework?
Q44: What is the difference between POCO, Code First, and simple EF approach?
Q45: What is the difference between ObjectContext and DbContext?
Q46: What is the difference between Code First, Model First and Database First?

Expert
Q47: What difference does .AsNoTracking() make?
Q48: What are the advantages and disadvantages of creating a Global Entities Context for the application (i.e. one static instance)?
Q49: What is client wins and store wins mode in Entity Framework concurrency?
Q50: What is the difference between Automatic Migration vs Code-base Migration?
Q51: When would you use SaveChanges(false) + AcceptAllChanges()?
Q52: What's the difference between .SaveChanges() and .AcceptAllChanges()?
Q53: Can I use Entity Framework 6 in .Net Core?
Q54: How can we do pessimistic locking in Entity Framework?



Junior: Code
Q1: What are the different ways of creating these domain/entity objects?

Mid: Code
Q2: How do I delete multiple rows in Entity Framework (without foreach)?

Expert: Code
Q3: How do I view the SQL generated by the Entity Framework?
