What is a Module, and what does it contain?
What is a Component? Why would you use it?
What is the minimum definition of a Component?
What's the difference between an Angular Component and Module?
What is the difference between @Component and @Directive in Angular?
What is the difference between @Component and @Directive in Angular?
What is a Service, and when will you use it?
What is Interpolation?
What is the difference between Structural and Attribute directives in Angular?
What is a bootstrapping module?
What is the purpose of base href tag?
How to inject base href?
What are the differences between AngularJS (angular 1.x) and Angular (Angular 2.x and beyond)?
What is Routing Guard in Angular?
How would you protect a component being activated through the router?
What is Router Outlet?
What is Router State?
What is Activated route?
What is the purpose of Wildcard route?
Do I always need a Routing Module?
What is the equivalent of ngShow and ngHide in Angular?
What is the difference between *ngIf vs [hidden]?
You have an HTML response I want to display. How do I do that?
What are Pipes? Give me an example.
What is a Parameterized pipe?
What is the difference between pure and impure pipe?
How can I select an element in a component template?
What does this line do?
What is an Observable?
What are Observables?
What is an Observer?
What is Subscribing?
What is Multicasting?
What are observable creation functions?
What is the difference between promise and observable?
Can you explain the difference between Promise and Observable in Angular? In what scenario can we use each case?
Explain the difference between Promise and Observable in Angular?
What is the difference between BehaviorSubject vs Observable?
How do you perform error handling in Observables?
What are the utility functions provided by RxJS?
What is Reactive Programming and how does it relate to Angular?
What is difference between declarations, providers and import in NgModule?
Explain the difference between Constructor and ngOnInit
Why should ngOnInit be used, if we already have a constructor?
What are the lifecycle hooks for components and directives?
How do you categorize data binding types?
What happens if you use <script> tag inside template?
What is the option to choose between Inline and External template file?
How would you run unit test?
What is TestBed?
Why would you use a spy in a test?
What does detectChanges do in Angular Jasmine tests?
How do you create application to use scss?
How to bundle an Angular app for production?
How to set headers for every request in Angular?
How do you perform Error Handling for HttpClient?
Could I use jQuery with Angular?
What is Redux and how does it relate to an Angular app?
What are dynamic components?
What are Custom elements?
Explain how Custom Elements works internally?
Do I need to bootstrap custom elements?
What are the mapping rules between Angular component and custom element?
Do you know how you can run AngularJS and Angular side by side?
What is ngUpgrade?
Is there no equivalent to $scope.emit() or $scope.broadcast() in Angular?
How would you control size of an element on resize of the window in a component?
What would be a good use for NgZone service?
Could you provide some particular examples of using NgZone?
What is Zone in Angular?
What is the Angular equivalent to an AngularJS $watch?
Why would you use renderer methods instead of using native element methods?
How would you insert an embedded view from a prepared TemplateRef?
Name and explain some Angular Module Loading examples
When would you use eager module loading?
Why would you use lazy loading modules in Angular app?
Explain Lazy Loading in Angular?
When does a lazy loaded module is loaded?
What is the need for SystemJS in Angular?
Name some differences between SystemJS vs webpack?
How would you extract webpack config from angular cli project?
Why do we need compilation process in Angular?
What does a just-in-time (JIT) compiler do (in general)?
What are the ways to control AOT compilation?
What are the advantages with AOT?
What is AOT?
Just-in-Time (JIT) vs Ahead-of-Time (AOT) compilation. Explain the difference.
What is Angular Ivy?
What is Ivy Renderer?
How Would You Compare View Engine vs Ivy?
What is the Locality principle for Ivy?
How does Ivy affect the (Re)build time?
What is difference between Incremental DOM and Virtual DOM?
What is Incremental DOM? How is it different from Virtual DOM?
Why Incremental DOM has low memory footprint?
Why Incremental DOM is Tree Shakable?
Why did the Google team go with incremental DOM instead of virtual DOM?
Explain the purpose of Service Workers in Angular
What is Angular Universal?
What is Protractor?
What is Bazel?
Why we should use Bazel for Angular builds?
What is the use of Codelyzer?
Name some security best practices in Angular
Are there any pros/cons (especially performance-wise) in using local storage to replace cookie functionality?
How to detect a route change in Angular?
When to use query parameters versus matrix parameters in Url?
Why Angular uses Url segment?
Angular 9: What are some new features in Angular 9?
Angular 9: Explain improvements in Tree-Shaking
Angular 8: What are some changes in Location module?
