Entry
Q1: Explain the three main ways to apply CSS styles to a web page
Q2: What is CSS?
Q3: How to use variables in Sass?

Junior
Q4: Explain what is a @extend directive used for in Sass?
Q5: What is a CSS rule?
Q6: List out the key features for Sass
Q7: What Selector Nesting in Sass is used for?
Q8: Describe floats and how they work
Q9: What is the difference between classes and IDs in CSS?
Q10: Have you played around with the new CSS Flexbox or Grid specs?
Q11: What existing CSS frameworks have you used locally, or in production? How would you change/improve them?
Q12: List out the data types that Sass supports
Q13: Explain the CSS box model and the layout components that it consists of
Q14: What is Sass?
Q15: Explain CSS sprites, and how you would implement them on a page or site
Q16: What is DOM (Document Object Model) and how is it linked to CSS?
Q17: How would you approach fixing browser-specific styling issues?

Mid
Q18: What’s the difference between resetting and normalizing CSS? Which would you choose, and why?
Q19: Explain your understanding of the box model and how you would tell the browser in CSS to render your layout in different box models.
Q20: What is CSS preprocessor and why to use one?
Q21: Describe pseudo-elements and discuss what they are used for
Q22: What is CSS selectors? Name some.
Q23: What does Accessibility (a11y) mean?
Q24: How is responsive design different from adaptive design?
Q25: What are the advantages/disadvantages of using CSS preprocessors?
Q26: Have you ever worked with retina graphics? If so, when and what techniques did you use?
Q27: What's the difference between a relative, fixed, absolute and statically positioned element?
Q28: How does CSS actually work (under the hood of browser)?
Q29: What is a Grid System in CSS?
Q30: Explain the usage of table-layout property
Q31: What's the difference between SCSS and Sass?

Senior
Q32: Explain the purpose of clearing floats in CSS
Q33: Describe z-index and how a stacking context is formed
Q34: Is there any reason you'd want to use translate() instead of absolute positioning, or vice-versa? And why?
Q35: What are the different ways to visually hide content (and make it available only for screen readers)?
Q36: Have you ever used a grid system, and if so, what do you prefer?
Q37: How do you optimize your webpages for print?
Q38: Explain the basic rules of CSS Specificity
Q39: Can you explain the difference between coding a website to be responsive versus using a mobile-first strategy?
Q40: What does * { box-sizing: border-box; } do? What are its advantages?



Junior: Code
Q1: What is variable interpolation in Sass? Provide some examples.

Mid: Code
Q2: How to create a zebra striped table with CSS?
Q3: What is a Mixin and how to use on?

Senior: Code
Q4: What is the @content directive used for?
Q5: What will be the CSS output for the following Sass code?
Q6: What the code fragment has the greater CSS specificity?
Q7: What clearfix methods do you know? Provide some examples.

Expert: Code
Q8: What’s wrong with Sass nesting? Provide some example.
Q9: How to style every element which has an adjacent item right before it?
Q10: Write down a selector that will match any links end in .zip, .ZIP, .Zip etc...
