What is the purpose of the alt attribute on images?
Explain meta tags in HTML
What is an iframe and how it works?
What is a self closing tag?
What is Character Encoding?
What is the difference between span and div?
What is the difference between "section" and "div"?
What's the difference between an "attribute" and a "property" in HTML?
What is an optional tag?
What does a DOCTYPE do?
Why do I need a doctype and what does it do?
Explain the difference between block elements and inline elements
Write a HTML table tag sequence that outputs the following
How can you highlight text in HTML?
Describe the difference between "," and ".".
What were some of the key goals and motivations for the HTML5 specification?
What's new in HTML 5?
What are the building blocks of HTML5?
Why to use HTML5 semantic tags?
Briefly describe the correct usage of the following HTML5 semantic elements: "header", "article", "section", "footer"
Can a web page contain multiple "header" elements? What about "footer" elements?
What is the purpose of 'main' element?
What are "data-" attributes good for?
What are some differences that XHTML has compared to HTML?
What is the DOM?
Explain the difference between cookies, session and local storage
Describe the difference between a 'cookie', 'sessionStorage' and 'localStorage'.
What is HTML5 Web Storage? Explain "localStorage" and "sessionStorage".
What is WebSQL?
What is WebSQL?
What is an IndexedDB?
What are Web Workers?
What is an HTML preprocessor and are you using it?
Have you used different HTML templating languages before?
What are "defer" and "async" attributes on a "script" tag?
Why is it generally a good idea to position CSSs between "<head>" and JSs just before "</body>"? Do you know any exceptions?
When is it appropriate to use the small element?
What is progressive rendering?
What is WebP?
How would you select svg or canvas for your site?
Why you would use a "srcset" attribute in an image tag? Explain the process the browser uses when evaluating the content of this attribute.
What are Web Components?
Check HTML Markup Validity
Discuss the differences between an HTML specification and a browser’s implementation thereof.
Explain almost standard, full standard and quirks mode
What's the difference between Full Standard, Almost Standard and Quirks Mode?
How do you set IE compatibility mode?
Where and why is the "rel=\"noopener\"" attribute used?
What is the purpose of cache busting and how can you achieve it?
How do you serve a page with content in multiple languages?
How do you change the direction of html text?
What kind of things must you be wary of when designing or developing for multilingual sites?
How Can I Get Indexed Better by Search Engines?
What is accessibility & ARIA role means in a web application?
Could you generate a public key in HTML?
